@node LHC_HJets
@subsection H+jets production in gluon fusion

This is an example setup for inclusive Higgs production through 
gluon fusion at hadron colliders. The inclusive process is calculated 
at next-to-leading order accuracy matched to the parton shower using 
the MC@@NLO prescription detailed in @mycite{Hoeche2011fd}. The next 
few higher jet multiplicities, calculated at next-to-leading order as well, 
are merged into the inclusive sample using the MEPS@@NLO method - an 
extension of the CKKW method to NLO - as described in @mycite{Hoeche2012yf} 
and @mycite{Gehrmann2012yg}. Finally, even higher multiplicities, calculated 
at leading order, are merged on top of that. A few things to note are 
detailed below the example. The example can be converted a simple MENLOPS 
setup by setting @code{LJET:=2}, or an MEPS setup by setting @code{LJET:=0}, 
to study the effect of incorporating higher-order matrix elements.

@example
@smallformat
@verbatiminclude Examples/H_in_GluonFusion/LHC_HJets_Inclusive/Run.dat
@end smallformat
@end example

Things to notice:
@itemize
@item Any setting with the exception of the process and selector definitions 
can be given in the @code{(run)@{...@}(run)} section of the run card.
@item Tags (@code{FSF}, @code{RSF} and @code{QSF}) have been introduced for 
easy scale variations. Tags are replaced throughout the entire run card by 
their defined value, see @ref{Tags}.
@item All scales, i.e. the factorisation, renormalisation and resummation 
scales are set to the above defined scale factors times the value determined 
by the METS-clustering algorithm. The scale of the two powers of alpha_s 
in the effective ggH-coupling are fixed to the Higgs mass. They can be varied 
separately by setting @code{EHC_SCALE2}, cf. @ref{EHC}.
@item Tags (@code{LJET}, @code{NJET} and @code{QCUT}) have been introduced 
to be used in the process setup, defining the multiplicity of the MC@@NLO 
subprocesses, the maximal number of extra jets, and the merging cut.
@item The @code{LOOPGEN<i>} tag is used to name the providers of the one-loop 
matrix elements for the respective multiplicities. For the two simplemost cases 
Sherpa can provide it internally. In this case, the one-loop-program GoSam 
is interfaced throught the BLHA interface for the H+2jet process.
@item Contrary to the best LO shower setup, for NLO merging the shower is 
setup in a crossing invariant way, employing the very same recoil scheme as 
the MC@@NLO emission.
@item As both Comix and Amegic are specified as matrix element generators 
to be used, Amegic has to be specified to be used for all MC@@NLO 
multiplicities using @code{ME_Generator Amegic @{LJET@}}.
@item @code{Enhance_Factors} have been introduced to increase the statistical 
quality for processes of higher multiplicity, cf. @ref{Enhance_Factor}.
@item @code{RS_Enhance_Factors} have been introduced to increase the 
statistical quality for the non-resummed parts of the MC@@NLO processes the
respective multiplicity, cf. @ref{RS_Enhance_Factor}.
@item To change the example to production at the Tevatron 
simply change the beam settings to
@verbatim
  BEAM_1  2212; BEAM_ENERGY_1 980;
  BEAM_2 -2212; BEAM_ENERGY_2 980;
@end verbatim
@item To enable the Higgs to decay to a pair of photons, for example, the 
hard decays can be envoked. To this end simply add the following to your 
run section
@verbatim
  % settings for hard decays
  HARD_DECAYS On;
  STORE_DECAY_RESULTS 1;
  HDH_ONLY_DECAY {25,22,22}
@end verbatim
For details on the hard decay handling and how to enable specific decay modes 
see @ref{Hard decays}.
@end itemize
 
